My project was a web site wher users can create an account and add/edit/remove entries from a library that represents the video games they own.  Initially I had plans to incoroporate a web API that allows for access to the database of the pc video game storefront Steam.  Researching how to use API's was actually what I ended up spending the bulk of the last week doing, but due to challenges I faced along the way I was unable to implement this feature in the final product.  While I eventually found myself able to access the information I wanted from the Steam web API, I didn't accomplish this until near the end of the alloted timeframe and made the decision to abandon that goal in favor of creating a presentable MVP product that could later be adapted to accomodate the API.  I started to make headway into this on the final project day but found myself too burnt out to continue.  This weeked I will probably attempt to finish this task as I have already created an import.ejs page to handle this request.

The technologies I utilized included the required node.js, mongoose, express, and ejs packages; but I also included bcrypt and incorporated a user authorization system with login and password.  I had plans to implement partial EJS for certain elements of the page but I spent too long chasing the pipe dream that was getting API to work and ran out of time.  The lesson I learned from this was to better balance the time I spend on researching a feature and actually working on the features required of an MVP project.  My initial thought was that I didn't want to have to rework my database after making discoveries about the web API but as I discovered when I actually had to change my database structure for other reasons, that wouldn't have been a concern.

The one other feature that I would have liked to include would have been a one to many to many database relationship where users could have multiple "lists" of games they owned, for example one being their game library, one being a list of favorite games, and one being a whishlist of games to buy.